[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>The information that
you're about to-- most
of the information,
especially with having
to do with history and these
kinds of things-- a lot
of the stuff comes
from this man.
Now the things I'm
about to tell you
are fantastic by normal
ways of thinking.
Again, you'll have to see for
yourself, if what I'm saying
is true or not.
But listen, this is
hieroglyphics here.
It's written on papyrus
paper, which is, supposedly,
the first paper.
He was the person, according
to Egypt, that introduced
writing into the world.
Egypt, supposedly, started
approximately 500 years later.
It's not true.
It started simultaneously
with Sumeria
and that will, eventually,
be proven here real soon.
But right now, I'll explain
why there's this 500 year
difference at the right moment.
But both Sumeria and Egypt
start at the same time,
but they were started from
two different sources.
One was called mommy, the
other was called daddy.
[LAUGHTER]
That which created
us as a race before,
came back to start
unfolding who we are.
But this whole thing,
the hieroglyphics--
it's a form of writing.
Hieroglyphics
means holy writing.
And it's all hieroglyphics.
Not just this, up
here, but this, too.
This is a symbol, which
means a very specific person.
And in Egypt, his
name was Thoth.
Spelled T-H-O-T-H.
And he doesn't look like that.
He doesn't have a bird
head on his-- probably
that's the hieroglyphic
that represents him.
He looks very much like--
he would look Egyptian,
if you would see him today.
And he's holding two
leaves in his hand, which
are the papyrus roots.
And he's holding
a ankh, which is
one of these, which is a symbol
that represents eternal life.
In any of the
hieroglyphics, when
a man is holding that or a
woman is holding that, it means
they've reached
immortality, they're
no longer ever going to die.
And by the way, immortality
has a definition,
from our point of view.
It does not mean someone
who lives in the same body
forever, and ever, and ever.
That's called a
trap or something.
[LAUGHTER]
Immortality means
that your memory
pattern and your consciousness
has no more break in it
anymore.
You have total memory, going
back at least to the moment
that you began immortality.
And your memory and
your consciousness
has no break, no matter
where you pass through.
There's no loss.
Right now, we die, we got
into a particular overtime
in the fourth dimension.
We forget that we're
here, once we're there.
And then when we
come back this way,
we forget that we came from
there, going back over here.
We keep making the cycle,
forgetting each time,
though it's accessible because
it's magnetically held.
So it's possible to reach
into these ancient memories,
old memories, but
we keep forgetting.
But once you reach immortality,
there's no more forgetting.
So you can leave and you can
die at will, when you want to.
You can leave a body.
You can go into others
because as you go on,
you will find that
there's other bodies that
are more appropriate for
higher levels of consciousness
than this one.
And at certain
points, you'll realize
that you don't need
any body at all,
but the consciousness
continues on.
But this person
here, he considers
himself an earth person.
And in truth, we're all
from somewhere else other
than earth.
We're all from somewhere,
not necessarily from earth.
And he considers himself
that because that's where
he gained his immortality.
It was here.
And he gained it during
the time of Atlantis,
approximately 52,000 years ago.
And he has remained in the
same body for 52,000 years.
And he has walked on
earth for 52,000 years.
Walking around.
And he could have
left here and gone on
with one of the past cycles,
if he really wanted to,
but he chose to stay here.
For you Hindus out there, very
much like a bodhisattva, where
he realized that we
were all connected.
And he decided to stay
back, even though he
could go on, and be
a teacher and to help
the lower aspect come up.
And he just left though.
He was part of
[INAUDIBLE], and then he
made his transition
over this [INAUDIBLE],
along with 31 other beings.
He made it for the first time
ever of this consciousness
level with the
other higher levels.
And so anyway, a
lot of this is going
to be coming from this
one particular person.
A ratio of about 50% or
more is coming from there.
And when I got here, one
of the first things I did
was connect with him.
And then, at the
right time, when
I needed to know the
histories of the earth,
he gave me the histories because
he had such a long memory.
His mom is 200,000 years old.
She's still walking around.
She's also on the earth.
And so he has a long
memory pattern, going back,
pretty much, to the beginning.
Though he says that something
happened 5.5 million years ago
that was really big.
And he could never explain
to me exactly what it was
or I couldn't
understand what it was.
And something, big
time, hit the earth
because we can't get through
to the ancient memories
before that.
And I don't understand--
from my point of view,
where I am right now, I don't
understand how it's possible
because once you create an
action or something happens,
it goes into what's called
the Akashic records.
Mathematically, if
you strike a bell,
that bell will never go away.
It's called [? asatomically ?]
reaching a limit.
Mathematically, it will,
theoretically, exist forever.
And it should still
be attainable,
if you would track down
to the golden main spiral,
to the place where
it was started.
But something happened.
It must have been really big.
And they can't get through
and so none of the ancients
can get through this.
They can't consciously
go back, though there
are records that go back.
But they still can't
consciously go back.
They can't-- the first
5.5 million years,
according to him.
Anyway, this is his symbol,
which is an ibis bird.
I think there are several
reasons why they chose that,
but one of them is
because it hangs out
in the reeds for a long time.
The second time
I was in Egypt, I
went all over, looking
for all these ibis birds.
And I went through
all the reeds.
I must have went through about
5 miles going through reeds
and I never could find
one of these guys.
And I never did see
them anywhere, not even
from a distance.
I had to wait until I got
back to the Albuquerque Zoo.
[LAUGHING]
That's an ibis bird.
Right there.
They look like little sort
of pink, short storks.
And there's the writing.
This is an actual
hieroglyph of him
writing along the walls in Egypt
and laying down the writing.
We didn't need writing
until a certain point.
When the consciousness got
to a certain level, then
we had to use writing.
Before that, we had 100%,
absolute, total holographic
memory.
There was no reason to do it.
Anything that any
person ever experienced,
anybody else could re-experience
at anytime that they wanted to.
And we still have people like
that on your the earth, right
now, today.
There's whole groups of them.
One of them is the
Aboriginals in Australia.
Those people are
all linked together
in a very specific
level of consciousness.
If one of them were here,
in this room, right now,
then, in essence, I would
be giving it to all of them.
They can go into what they
call dream time and come in.
As a holographic
world, they would
be able to walk around in here
and look at this happening.
They could experience the
whole five days, as many
as they wanted to.
But it would not be real.
It would be like a hologram.
It would be like like.
It would not be real.
They couldn't remove
things or use things,
but it would be a hologram.
But it's a perfect memory.
They could smell.
They could hear the sounds.
It would be just like being
here, but it wouldn't be real.
So we, obviously,
didn't need writing when
we got that kind of memory.
It was only when we jumped
up to the next level
of consciousness,
which is where we're
in now, which is a stepping
stone from one Unity
Consciousness, which
is the first one,
to the next Unity
Consciousness, which
we call Christ Consciousness.
Both of those also have
Unity Consciousness,
only Christ
Consciousness is memory.
Memory is the key
to all of this.
The memory of the Christ
Consciousness body
is much greater.
The Aboriginal could
come into this room
and they would be remembering
it, but from a light field.
If the Christ Conscious
being remembered the room,
they would, literally, be
here in time and space.
It's a little different.
They would just appear.
They would be here.
If they remember an orange--
if an Aboriginal remembers
an orange, then
he's got an orange,
but he can't do
anything with it.
If a Christ Conscious
being remembers an orange,
he's got a real orange.
He can pick it up and peel it.
And his memory extends
through all time, and space,
and everything
that's ever occurred.
So all things are possible.
It's a whole other level.
And there's levels beyond that.
Our memory really are
in a separate state.
This is the stepping stone.
We have, contained
within us, the parameters
of Christ Consciousness,
which I'll geometrically be
able to show you before I go.
But we are not
Christ Consciousness.
We are stepping
stone, in that someone
from the first level
of consciousness steps
into this level
of consciousness.
And he gets out of it,
as quick as possible,
and into the third one.
You have to pass
through here, but you
don't want to hang out here
because we are not a harmonic
consciousness and we will
destroy any place that we
are in, i.e, look at the earth.
[LAUGHTER]
Just give us enough time
and we will completely
kill this planet.
And it's just where we are
because we are not harmonic.
And I have to explain a lot
to explain what that means,
before I can get to that place.
And the writing is the key.
That's how you take someone
from the first level
of consciousness and get them
out, into the second level.
You introduce writing-- where
they no longer access memory
directly from within
themselves, but they
have to go through a symbol, or
a word, or a color, or a form,
or a shape, which is
how our memory-- we
have to access something.
We can't even remember
something unless we check.
Our eyes have to move at
very specific angles even
to remember things, which is
connected to shape and form.
And we don't have that ability.
And as soon as you do that,
then that is part of-- there
is something else
that changes, which is
the breathing pattern itself.
And we result in this separate
state that we perceive.
And all we see is
ourselves, inner body.
Everything out there feels
to be separate from us.
We think that we could have
thoughts, and feelings,
and that, somehow,
doesn't affect any
of that, which is an illusion.
It isn't true at all because
our thoughts and our feelings
dramatically effect
what's happening.
A lot of these things, I'm
just lightly touching on
and I'll go over,
later, in detail.
So writing is the
key in all of this.
This was his wife, Seshat, who
was also one of my teachers.
She was the one that brought
me here, in the first place,
about 3,500 years ago.
And she's also a
recorder, recording
from the feminine view
rather than the male view.